# Часть 1 Общие Перспективы

DURING THE SECOND HALF OF THE 20TH CENTURY, the central  focus of biology was on the gene. Now in the first half of  the 21st century, the central focus of biology has shifted to  neural science and specifically to the biology of the mind. We need  to understand the processes by which we perceive, act, learn, and  remember. How does the brain—an organ weighing only three  pormds—conceive of the infinite, discover new knowledge, and produce the remarkable individuality of human thoughts, feelings, and  actions? How are these extraordinary mental capabilities distributed  within the organ? How are different mental processes localized to  specific combinations of regions in the brain? What rules relate the  anatomical organization and the cellular physiology of a region to  its specific role in mentation? To what extent are mental processes  hardwired into the neural architecture of the brain? What do genes  contribute to behavior, and how is gene expression in nerve cells  regulated by developmental and learning processes? How does  experience alter the way the brain processes subsequent events, and  to what degree is that processing unconscious? Finally, what is the  neural basis underlying neurological and psychiatric disease? In this  introductory section of Principles of Neural Science, we attempt to  address these questions. In so doing, we describe how neural science  is attempting to link the logic of neural circuitry to the mind—how  the activities of nerve cells within defined, neural circuits are related  to the complexity of mental processes.      

In the last several decades, technological advances have opened  new horizons for the scientific study of the brain. Today, it is possible  to link the molecular dynamics of interconnected circuits of cells to the  internal representations of perceptual and motor acts in the brain and  to relate these internal mechanisms to observable behavior. New imaging techniques permit us to visualize the human brain in action—to  identify specific regions of the brain associated with particular modes  of thinking and feeling and their patterns of interconnections.      

In the first part of this book, we consider the degree to which  mental functions can be located in specific regions of the brain. We  also examine the extent to which the behavior so localized can be  understood in terms of the properties of individual nerve cells and  their interconnections in their specific region of the brain. In the

later parts of the book, we examine in detail the cognitive and affective functions of the brain: perception, action, motivation, emotion,  development, learning, and memory.     

The human brain is a network of more than 100 billion individual  nerve cells interconnected in systems—neural circuits—that construct  our perceptions of the external world, fix our attention, and control  the machinery of our actions. A first step toward understanding the  mind, therefore, is to learn how neurons are organized into signaling  pathways and how they communicate by means of synaptic transmission. One of the chief ideas we shall develop in this book is that the  specificity of the synaptic connections established during development underlie perception, action, emotion, and learning. We must also  understand both the innate (genetic) and environmental determinants  of behavior. Specifically, we want to know how genes contribute to  behavior. Behavior itself, of course, is not inherited—what is inherited  is DNA. Genes encode proteins that are important for the development and regulation of the neural circuits that underlie behavior. The  environment, which begins to exert its influence in utero, becomes of  prime importance after birth, and environmental contingencies can in  turn influence behavior by altering gene expression.      

By means of the merger of molecular biology, neurophysiology,  anatomy, developmental biology, and cell biology with the study of  cognition, emotion, and behavior in animals and people, modern neural science has given rise to a new science of mind. Along with astute  clinical observation, modern neural science has reinforced the idea f‌irst  proposed by Hippocrates more than two millennia ago that the proper  study of mind begins with study of the brain. Cognitive psychology  and psychoanalytic theory in turn have emphasized the diversity and  complexity of human mental experience. By emphasizing functional  mental structure and internal representation, cognitive psychology has  stressed the logic of mental operations and of internal representations.  Experimental cognitive psychology and clinical psychotherapy can  now be strengthened by insights into the neural science of behavior  and by imaging mental processes in action in real time. The task for the  years ahead is to produce a study of mental processes, grounded firmly  in empirical neural science, yet still fully concerned with problems of  how internal representations and states of mind are generated.