# Два противоположных мнения были выдвинуты на отношения между мозгом и поведением

Our views about nerve cells, the brain, and behavior  emerged during the 20th century from a synthesis of  five experimental traditions: anatomy, embryology,  physiology, pharmacology, and psychology.      

The 2nd century Greek physician Galen proposed  that nerves convey fluid secreted by the brain and spinal cord to the body’s periphery. His views dominated  Western medicine until the microscope revealed the  true structure of the cells in nervous tissue. Even so,  nervous tissue did not become the subject of a special  science until the late 1800s, when the Italian Camillo  Golgi and the Spaniard Santiago Ramón y Cajal produced detailed, accurate descriptions of nerve cells.      

Golgi developed a method of staining neurons  with silver salts that revealed their entire cell structure under the microscope. He could see clearly that  each neuron typically has a cell body and two types  of processes: branching dendrites at one end and a  long, cable-like axon at the other. Using Golgi’s technique, Ramón y Cajal discovered that nervous tissue  is not a syncytium, a continuous web of elements,  but a network of discrete cells. In the course of this  work Ramén y Cajal developed some of the key  concepts and much of the early evidence for the neuron  doctrine — the principle that individual neurons are the  elementary building blocks and signaling elements of  the nervous system.      

In the 1920s support for the neuron doctrine was  provided by the American embryologist Ross Harrison, who showed that dendrites and the axon grow  from the cell body and that they do so even when  each neuron is isolated from others in tissue culture.  Harrison also confirmed Ramón y Cajal's suggestion  that the tip of the axon gives rise to an expansion, the  growth cone, which leads the developing axon to its target, either to other nerve cells or muscles. The final and  definite proof of the neuron doctrine came in the mid 1950s with the introduction of electron microscopy.  A landmark study by Sanford Palay unambiguously  demonstrated the existence of synapses, specialized  regions that permit chemical or electrical signaling  between neurons. 

Physiological investigation of the nervous system began in the late 1700s when the Italian physician and physicist Luigi Galvani discovered that muscle and nerve cells produce electricity. Modern electrophysiology grew out of work in the 19th century by three German physiologists — Johannes Muller, Emil du Bois-Reymond, and Hermann von Helmholtz — who succeeded in measuring the speed of conduction of electrical activity along the axon of the nerve cell and further showed that the electrical activity of one nerve cell affects the activity of an adjacent cell in predict- able ways.  

Pharmacology made its first impact on our Imder — standing of the nervous system and behavior at the end of the 19th century when Claude Bernard in France, Paul Ehrlich in Germany, and John Langley in England demonstrated that drugs do not act just anywhere on a cell, but rather bind discrete receptors typically located in the surface membrane of the cell. This insight led to the discovery that nerve cells can communicate with each other by chemical means.  

Psychological thinking about behavior dates back to the beginnings of Western science when the ancient Greek philosophers speculated about the causes of behavior and the relation of the mind to the brain. In the 17th century René Descartes distinguished body and mind. In Descartes' dualistic view the brain mediates perception, motor acts, memory, appetites, and passions — everything that can be found in the lower animals. But the mind — the higher mental functions, the conscious experience characteristic of human behavior — is not represented in the brain or any other part of the body but in the soul, a spiritual entity that communicates with the machinery of the brain by means of the pineal gland, a tiny structure in the midline of the brain. Later in the 17th century Baruch Spinoza began to develop a Imified view of mind and body.

In the 18th century Western ideas about the mind  split along new lines. Empiricists believed that the  brain is initially a blank slate (tabula rasa) that is later  filled by sensory experience, whereas idealists, notably  Immanuel Kant, believed that our perception of the  world is determined by inherent features of our mind  or brain. In the mid-19th century Charles Darwin set  the stage for the modern understanding of the brain  as the seat of all behavior. He also advanced the even  more radical idea that animals could serve as models  of human behavior. Thus the study of evolution gave  rise to ethology, the investigation of the behavior of  animals in their natural setting, and later to experimental psychology, the study of human and animal  behavior under controlled conditions. At the beginning of the 20th century Sigmimd Freud introduced psychoanalysis. As the first systematic cognitive psychology, psychoanalysis framed the enormous problems  that confront us in understanding the human mind.      

Attempts to join biological and psychological concepts in the study of behavior began as early as 1800,  when Franz Joseph Call, a Viennese physician and  neuroanatomist, proposed two radically new ideas.  First, he advocated that the brain is the organ of the  mind and that all mental functions emanate from the  brain. In so doing, he rejected the idea that mind and  body are separate entities. Second, he argued that the  cerebral cortex did not function as a single organ but  contained within it many organs, and that particular  regions of the cerebral cortex control specific functions.  Gall enumerated at least 27 distinct regions or organs  of the cerebral cortex; later many more were added,  each corresponding to a specific mental faculty. Gall  assigned intellectual processes, such as the ability to  evaluate causality, to calculate, and to sense order, to  the front of the brain. Instinctive characteristics such  as romantic love (amativeness) and combativeness  were assigned to the back of the brain. Even the most  abstract of human behaviors — generosity, secretiveness, and religiosity — were assigned a spot in the brain  (Figure 1-1).

Although Gall's theory of localization was prescient, his experimental approach to localization was  extremely naive. Rather than localize functions empirically, by looking into the brain and correlating defects  in mental attributes with lesions in specific regions  following tumor or stroke, Gall spurned all evidence  derived from examination of brain lesions, discovered  clinically or produced surgically in experimental animals. Influenced by physiognomy, the popular science  based on the idea that facial features reveal character,  Gall believed that the bumps and ridges on the skulls of  people well endowed with specific faculties identified  the centers for those faculties in the brain. He assumed  that the size of an area of brain was related to the  mental faculty represented in that area. Accordingly,  exercise of a given mental faculty would cause the corresponding brain region to grow and this growth in  turn would cause the overlying skull to protrude.      

Gall first had this idea as a young boy when he  noticed that those of his classmates who excelled at  memorizing school assignments had prominent eyes.  He concluded that this was the result of an over development of regions in the front of the brain involved in  verbal memory. He developed this idea further when,  as a young physician, he was placed in charge of an  asylum for the insane in Vienna. There he began to study  patients suffering from monomania, a disorder characterized by an exaggerated interest in some key idea

